---
excerpt: "괜찮은 블로그/사이트 안까먹게 기록해놓음"
use_math: true
published: false
---

## 표현하고 싶었던 것

It just came to my mind and i said it.

I had enteritis last Saturday.

I had diarrhea, vomiting and chills.

It was very helpful for you to correct my sentence and let me know a few things. I would be happy if you continue to do it.

Somehow I feel sorry for over 20 minutes. But I want to get regular class feedback.

oily saulty

not allow me to watch tv

## What are your thoughts on "blue prescribing"?

I agree that blue prescribing is helpful for mental health. 

As a teenager, I did like to bike along the river near my home.


## 2023. 03. 21.

In korea we joke when there are some ecologically disturbed species, 
it would be all gone if it is known as good for health. Because people find and eat almost of them.

I have eaten my dinner.

I had talked about the same issue with one of my friends. 
He ask me If you go abroad where you don't know, which house do would like to go
 franchise chains like McDonald's or a restaurant you never visit. 
Then he said to me that he would choose a franchise chain because the taste is guaranteed. He doesn't want a chance to mess up his time abroad.

## 2023. 03. 23.

There are some stories similar to that. 
An owner of a company who is man had gotten divorced from her wife.
And of course, the company had grown after his marriage and be one of the biggest companies in my country.
In the country after 10 years of marriage, property during the marriage can be a rebound, so the ex-wife became one of the richest people in my country.


## 2023.03.27

Les Misérables(레스미설레이블)
Jean Valjean (진 벨리언)

Today morning before I go out to work,
I heard from youtube that the entailment does not exist until 19 century. 
And There still exists forced labor for sin or crimes when  Les Misérables is written. So Jean Valjean is lucky because there is harder punishment.

free punishment

I said, "I had to use a lot of muscle today".
and you recommend using "strength" rather than "muscle" because it is too literal as I understand.
But what I want to say is I worked a lot physically, not about inference or decuction from the fact that I used a lot of muscle.